a) A simple data processing project.
Suggested Model: Waterfall model
For a simple and well-defined data processing project, the Waterfall model would be appropriate. The requirements are clear, and there is no need for frequent iterations or changes.

b) A data entry system for office staff who have never used computers before.
The user interface and user-friendliness are extremely important.
Suggested Model: Prototyping model
In this scenario, it's crucial to get frequent feedback from the users and continuously improve the user interface. The Prototyping model would be a good fit as it allows for iterative development and quick feedback.

c) A spreadsheet system that has some basic features and many other desirable
features that use these basic features.
Suggested Model: Incremental model (Evolutionary model)
An Incremental model would be suitable for a project like this. It enables the development team to deliver the basic features first and then incrementally add more features based on customer feedback.

d) A web-based system for a new business where requirements are changing fast
and where an in-house development team is available for all aspects of the
project.
Suggested Model: SCRUM (Agile)
In this dynamic environment with rapidly changing requirements, and with an in-house development team, the Agile methodology would be the best fit. 

e) A Web-site for an on-line store which has a long list of desired features it
wants to add, and it wants a new release with new features to be done very
frequently.
Suggested Model: SCRUM (Agile)
An Agile methodology like Scrum would be suitable for this web-based project with evolving requirements.


f) A system to control anti-lock braking in a car.
Spiral model: 
The Spiral model is suitable for complex and high-risk projects, which often include safety-critical systems. It allows for iterative development with a focus on risk analysis and risk mitigation at each iteration.

g) A virtual reality system to support software maintenance
Suggested Model: Spiral model
Since this involves exploring and experimenting with virtual reality technology and has uncertain requirements, the Spiral model would be a good choice. It allows for iterations and risk management.

h) A university accounting system that replaces an existing system
Suggested Model: Waterfall model
Since the domain and requirements are well-understood, and there might not be significant changes, the Waterfall model would work well in this scenario.

i) An interactive system that allows railway passenger to find train times from
terminals installed in stations.
Suggested Model: Prototyping model
Given the need for user feedback and iterative development to improve the interactive system, the Prototyping model would be suitable.

j) Company has asked you to develop software for missile guidance system that
can identify a target accurately.
Suggested Model: Spiral model
Since this involves exploring and experimenting with virtual reality technology and has uncertain requirements, the Spiral model would be a good choice. It allows for iterations and risk management.

k) When emergency changes have to be made to systems, the system software
may have to be modified before changes to the requirements have been
approved. Choose a process model for making these modifications that
ensures that the requirements documents and the system implementation do
not become inconsistent.
Software Model -- Agile
This system requires frequent modifications to be made, agile model have an advantage of being consistent with the frequent changes, hence we can implement the same.
l) Software for ECG machine.
Software Model -- Spiral
This system needs to be fail-safe and needs to have least risk factor, hence Spiral model can be implemented.
m) A small scale well understood project (no changes in requirement will be there
once decided).
Software Model -- Waterfall
Since this is a small and well understood project it is beneficial to use waterfall model here.

